Need to understand why enter button doesn't show on log-in
!!Need to fix preposition recognition so that it won't fail to recognize a preposition followed by a period or other punctuation.
1. address situation where you remove current preposition from on preposition list--what to do about the displayed sentence? Don't want to just bypass it.  Show it corrected?
2. develop system for validating $_POST data
3. when you close the prepositions panel with a corrected sentence on the screen, maybe don't proceed automatically to next sentence?  What if the person wants to re-do the current sentence?



4 show lifetime stats   
show errors, and allow user to request problems that focus in that area
identify weak points--frequent confusion.  Create tailored quizzes with restricted/targeted choices. 

6.Establish themes and allow random selection or coherent storylines. (maybe for later)

6. Would be nice to have a sort of roll bar, where old sentences were there to see as well.

when you close the prepositions panel it resets the current sentence--maybe fix this so the new sentence only reloads when one of its own prepositions was added/removed from the list of on prepositions
Also, if you have completed a sentence and close the prepositions panel, it has the effect of hitting "try again" on that already-corrected sentence

when you log out, the On prepositions list is cleared out--need to keep it active or re-initialize it upon logout

create an Explain! button that will open a new panel and will give the current definition of the On prepositions in the sentence, and the definitions of the context from the current sentence
could present these as fragments: ...one day after the show... with the preposition red or green to show ones that were wrong or correct. Should be contained in panel that will fall down from top
...one day after the show...
After: formal definition here
...stood at the top...
At: formal definition here
**can do this by adjusting the results management section to add a new array that contains the full answer text.
save this as a closure to avoid having to do another ajax call to populate the explain panel

need to specifically request language when it's a new registration  

change the location of the preposition choice popups--so they don't obscure the text

Corrections Not Working--WHY? (about every ten or so??)--these appear to be cases where there is a preposition not prefixed by a context--easy fix
Rescue and immediate relief operations are now making way by more sustained help in the survivors on the earthquake.(2x)
Utterly waterless, for the rainfall runs off of once into all sides by the sea, the peninsula has not soil enough at grow a single blade for grass, as if it were blighted in a curse.
